        -----------------------------------------------------------
                      Microsoft Windows 96 README
             for Infrared Communications Driver, Version 2.0
                                 August 1996            
        ------------------------------------------------------------

              (c) Copyright Microsoft Corporation, 1996


This document provides complementary or late-breaking information to
supplement any other existing documentation.


------------------------
HOW TO USE THIS DOCUMENT
------------------------

To view Infrared.txt on screen in WordPad, maximize the WordPad  
window.

To print Infrared.txt, open it in WordPad or another word processor, 
and then use the Print command on the File menu.


CONTENTS
========

OVERVIEW OF THE INFRARED COMMUNICATIONS DRIVER, VERSION 2.0
USING THE INFRARED COMMUNICATIONS DRIVER
  Notebook Computers
  Infrared Adapters
  Programs
  Printers
  IrLan Access Points
TROUBLESHOOTING
  General Tips
  Troubleshooting Tips for Using IrLan Access Point Devices
  Troubleshooting Tips for Using Specific Programs Over IR Links
  Troubleshooting Tip for Developing an IrDA Standard IrComm 
    Component for an IR Communications Driver
  Troubleshooting Tips for Specific Infrared Hardware
INSTALLING AND USING THE IR COMMUNICATIONS DRIVER
  Step 1. Installing the IR Communications Driver
  Step 2. Validating the IR Communications Driver Installation
  Step 3. Running Other IR-Capable Programs
  An Optional Step: Removing the IR Communications Driver
  Notes on Running Direct Cable Connection Over an IR Link                       
  Preparing to Use DCC
IR COMMUNICATIONS DRIVER COMPONENTS
IR ADAPTER MANUFACTURER NAMES AND ADDRESSES
 

OVERVIEW OF THE INFRARED COMMUNICATIONS DRIVER, VERSION 2.0
===========================================================

The Infrared Communications Driver, version 2.0, is an optional 
component of the Windows 96 operating system. The Infrared 
Communications Driver supports hardware devices that enable 
networking and communications over infrared media. The hardware 
device can be either an infrared port built into the platform or 
an infrared adapter connected to one of the platform's serial or 
parallel ports.

Users might want to install the infrared (IR) hardware device 
and version 2.0 of the Infrared Communications Driver for the 
following reasons:

- They can use wireless infrared links instead of serial and 
  parallel cables. For example, files can be exchanged wirelessly 
  between two computers that have an IR device and the version 2.0 
  driver installed, instead of using a serial or parallel cable.

- Files can also be printed wirelessly on IR-capable printers.

- If the user has an IR-capable LAN access point product connected 
  to the network, wireless IR links can be used instead of LAN 
  cabling. For a list of LAN access point products the version 2.0 
  IR driver has been tested with, see "Using the IR Communications 
  Driver." 

- The version 2.0 IR communications driver supports IR communications 
  links running at speeds up to 115.2 kbps. 


USING THE INFRARED COMMUNICATIONS DRIVER
========================================

The following sections list the hardware and software components on 
which version 2.0 of the Infrared Communications Driver has been 
tested.

Notebook Computers
------------------
This product has been successfully tested on the following Windows 96 
notebook computers that have built-in IR ports:

     Gateway(R) 2000 Liberty
     HP(R)Omnibook(TM)600CT
     HP Omnibook 4000C
     IBM(R) ThinkPad(R) 701C (Butterfly)
     Sharp(R) PC 3050
     TI(R) TravelMate(TM) 5000

Some testing was also done on these Windows 96 notebook computers:

     Digital(R) HiNote Ultra CT475
     TI(R) TravelMate(TM) 5000

Infrared Adapters
-----------------
This product has been successfully tested on Windows 96 platforms 
with the following IR adapters connected to serial ports:

     ACTiSYS ACT-200L Infrared Wireless Interface
     ACTiSYS ACT-220L Infrared Wireless Interface
     Adaptec(TM) AIRport APA-9320 External Infrared Adapter 
       (also called the Adaptec AIRport 2000)
     AMP PhasIR Serial Adapter 
     Extended Systems JetEye PC Infrared PC Interface (ESI-9680)
     Parallax IR Adapter LiteLink PRA9600A

To obtain any of the IR adapters listed above, contact the adapter
manufacturer. For the addresses of these manufacturers, see "IR Adapter 
Manufacturer Names and Addresses" at the end of this document.

Programs
--------
The following programs have been run successfully over an IR 
communications link using the IR communications driver and the 
hardware listed above:

- Windows 96 Direct Cable Connection (DCC)
- Various Windows communications programs, including HyperTerminal 
  and DynaComm.

Because the IR link simulates a serial communications link, some 
communications programs might not perform as expected after they 
connect over the IR link. For more information, see "Troubleshooting." 
For instructions on running DCC over an IR link, see "Notes on Running 
Direct Cable Connection Over an IR Link" later in this document.

Printers
--------
Numerous Windows 96 programs have successfully printed over an IR 
link to an HP Laserjet 5P or 5MP printer, which have built-in IR 
ports. Numerous Windows 96 programs have also printed successfully 
over an IR link to other printers with an Extended Systems JetEye 
Infrared Printer Port ESI-9680 infrared adapter connected to the 
printer parallel port.

IrLan Access Points
-------------------
Local area network access over an IR link has been tested with the 
following IrLan access point devices:

- Extended Systems ESI-9910 JetEye Net Plus
- Hewlett-Packard NetBeam IR Infrared LAN Adapter


TROUBLESHOOTING
===============

General Tips
------------
- You must remove any previously installed version of the 
  IR communications driver every time the driver is installed. 
  For instructions on removing the IR communications driver, 
  see "An Optional Step: Removing the IR Communications Driver."

- If you change the IR adapter model that is connected to the 
  computer, you must remove the installed IR communications driver 
  and reinstall it, specifying the new IR adapter type. 

- If you select the wrong physical COM port during installation of 
  the IR communications driver, the IR device will be unable to 
  discover another IR device within range. If this happens, try 
  the following steps:

  1. Put an actively searching IR device close to the computer's IR 
     device.

  2. Click the Infrared Monitor Options tab, and then choose a 
     different communications port (for example, COM1 instead of COM2).

  3. Continue selecting different COM ports in this way until the IR 
     device on the computer discovers the nearby IR device.

     Note that the alternatives displayed in the IrMon Options tab are 
     always based on the internal wiring of the computer platform:

     - COM1 always means a COM port wired to IRQ 4 and I/O address 
       range 0x3F8 to 0x3FF.
     - COM2 always means wired to IRQ 3 and 0x2F8 to 0x2FF.
     - Physical COM3 always means IRQ 4 and 0x3E8 and 0x3EF.
     - Physical COM4 always means IRQ5 and 0x2E8 and 0x2EF. 
     
- To get two IR devices to discover each other, you may have to 
  realign the IR devices so they point right at each other, move 
  them closer together, and/or change the batteries in an IR adapter 
  or plug the AC power into an IR adapter. The devices must be three 
  feet or less apart, and the angle of the cone of IR transmission 
  is 30 degrees. Some devices work best if kept at least six inches 
  apart. If an IR adapter is attached to a COM port that is using an 
  8250 UART instead of a 16550 UART, or if an IR adapter is connected 
  to a relatively slow computer (such as a 386 running at 20 MHz), 
  you might need to use the Limit Connection Speed To option in the 
  Infrared Monitor Options tab to limit the connection speed to 19.2 
  kbps. After establishing a successful IR connection at this speed, 
  you can use the Limit Connection Speed To option to experiment 
  with establishing a connection at a higher speed on that computer.

- If you change the port the IR adapter is attached to while IR 
  communications are in progress, the IR connection is lost without 
  prompting you to verify that it is OK to disconnect.

- Communication over a virtual COM port link between two computers 
  might not be reliable if a printer's IR adapter is also within range. 
  You should move the printer's IR adapter out of range.

- You should not suspend a Windows 96 computer while an IR connection 
  is established. Wait until the IR link is disconnected or force a 
  disconnection before putting the computer in suspend mode. For 
  example, if an IrLan connection is established on a laptop computer, 
  you must always move the laptop out of range of the IrLan access point 
  before suspending the system or closing the laptop lid. Otherwise, the 
  connection remains active and over time can drain the battery.

- Connecting and disconnecting over a low-speed IR link or over a poor-
  quality link can take a long period of time (a few seconds), during 
  which the screen will appear to be frozen. To work around this, 
  use a higher speed connection and/or take steps to improve the 
  quality of the connection by, for example, realigning the IR devices 
  so they point right at each other, moving the devices closer together, 
  changing the batteries in an IR adapter, or plugging the AC power into 
  an IR adapter.

Troubleshooting Tips for Using IrLan Access Point Devices
---------------------------------------------------------
- Do not assume that because an IR device on a PC communicates with 
  an IR device on another PC at 115.2 kbps that the IR device will 
  also communicate with an IrLan access point device at that speed. 
  For example, suppose a user has two PC-based IR devices that have 
  negotiated a link speed of 115.2 kbps. Then if the user points 
  one of the devices at an IrLan access point device, these two 
  devices can negotiate a link speed of 115.2 kbps but no subsequent 
  communication takes place (the PC has no access to the network 
  through the IR link). No error message is displayed in this case.

- Extended Systems ESI-9910 JetEye Net Plus users utilizing NETBEUI 
  may receive an error message when copying large files (for example, 
  5 MB files) to a network drive. If this happens, call Extended 
  Systems, Inc. product support for NETBEUI configuration changes. 
  For Extended Systems, Inc. contact information, see the topic "IR 
  Adapter Manufacturer Names and Addresses."

- If there is a problem establishing an IR link to an IrLan access 
  point device when the network is also connected to a network 
  interface card in the computer, try disconnecting the LAN from 
  the network interface card. Restart the computer and make sure 
  the computer IR device and the LAN access point IR port are within 
  range. Then use the Infrared icon in the Control Panel to activate 
  the IR link between the computer and the LAN access point device.

- The IPX protocol may not communicate over an IrLan access point. 
  This can be caused by the Dial-Up Adapter becoming the primary IPX 
  adapter and no other adapter, such as the IrLan adapter, can take 
  over. To work around this problem, create a profile that does not 
  contain the dial-up adapter and use it when accessing the net 
  through IrLan.

- During a file copy to a NetWare server running burst mode, if the 
  IR connection between the computer and the IrLan access point is 
  disconnected (for example, the IR beam is blocked), the file 
  transfer cannot recover and the computer screen will stay the same 
  indefinitely. If this happens often, turn off burst mode to enable 
  recovery from a disconnection. There will be performance degradation 
  with burst mode off.

- Using the virtual parallel port connection to an Extended Systems 
  ESI-9910 JetEye Net Plus IrLan access point to send data to a printer 
  might result in a program fault. To work around this problem, use the 
  virtual serial port on the IrLan access point to reach the printer.

Troubleshooting Tips for Using Specific Programs Over IR Links
--------------------------------------------------------------
- If the Windows 96 program HyperTerminal is used to transfer files, 
  there might be trouble doing file transfers successfully over an IR 
  link. If the Zmodem protocol fails with a link speed of 115.2 kbps, 
  use the IR Monitor Limit Connection Speed To tab to limit the link 
  speed to 19.2 kbps and then retry the Zmodem file transfer. 

- When the Windows 96 program Direct Cable Connection (DCC) is run to 
  establish the connection between the host and guest computers, the 
  guest computer might display the message "Direct Cable Connection 
  was unable to display shared folders of the host computer" and 
  prompt the user to enter the computer name of the host computer. 
  A convenient way to find the computer name of the host computer 
  is on the Status tab of the Infrared Monitor interface screen.

- When the Windows 96 program Direct Cable Connection (DCC) is run 
  to establish an IR connection between the host and guest computers, 
  DCC prompts you to select a communications port (this procedure is 
  described in the topic "Establishing and Using the DCC IR Link 
  Between Host and Guest"). Selecting the virtual Infrared port in 
  this step will fail (DCC announces the virtual port is not available) 
  in the rare case that you have suspended the Windows 96 operating 
  system before invoking DCC in a session. To begin a new session, 
  restart Windows 96, and DCC will work over an IR link.

Troubleshooting Tip for Developing an IrDA Standard IrCOMM 
Component for an IR Communications Driver
-----------------------------------------------------------
- The IrCOMM implementation in the IR communications driver that 
  runs on Windows 96 supports full emulation of 9-wire connections, 
  but does not support emulation of 3-wire cooked connections. A 
  specific example of this is the inability to print over an IR 
  virtual COM port from the MS-DOS prompt, which uses a 3-wire 
  cooked connection. IrDA drivers developed for platforms designed 
  to communicate with Windows 96 platforms over IR links must 
  implement full emulation of 9-wire connections (as specified 
  in the IrDA IrCOMM specification). For example, a pair of 
  handheld computer platforms might communicate with each other 
  over IR links using 3-wire cooked emulation. However, if you 
  also expect to use one of the handhelds to communicate with a 
  Windows 96 computer, then the handheld IR driver must implement 
  9-wire connections. 

Troubleshooting Tips for Specific Infrared Hardware
---------------------------------------------------
- The Adaptec AIRport 2000 infrared adapter can be powered in three 
  ways: by the serial port, by installed AA batteries, or by an 
  external power supply. In some cases, the serial port might not 
  provide sufficient power for the operation of the adapter. This 
  can cause reduced operating range and/or a failure to find another 
  IR device which is nearby and aligned correctly. If such a problem 
  is suspected, connect an AC adapter or add four AA batteries to the 
  battery compartment in the infrared adapter. This will assure 
  sufficient power. In some instances, you might need to separate 
  the adapter by at least six inches from the other IR device.

- If an ActiSys 220L IR adapter is attached to a computer and used 
  to print to a printer that is using an Extended Systems ESI-9680 
  printer IR adapter, or for printing to an HP DeskJet 340, you must 
  use the Options tab in the Infrared Monitor properties to limit the 
  connection speed to 19.2 kbps in order to print successfully. If the 
  IR devices are allowed to automatically negotiate the connection 
  speed without setting this limit, they will negotiate a higher 
  connection speed and a program will be unable to print.

- The TI TravelMate 5000 might communicate over an IR link only at 
  very low speeds (9600 bps).

- The Sharp PC 3050 might communicate over an IR link only at speeds 
  between 9600 bps and 19.2 kbps.

- For the HP Omnibook 4000C or an HP Omnibook 600CT, which have 
  built-in infrared ports, you must install a special echo-canceling 
  serial driver in addition to the components that make up the IR 
  communications driver. The echo-canceling driver, and instructions 
  on how to install it, are available from Hewlett-Packard. 


INSTALLING AND USING THE IR COMMUNICATIONS DRIVER
=================================================

The following three-step process is recommended:

1. Install the Windows 96 IR Communications Driver.
2. Validate the installation by printing over the IR link, using a 
   program to transfer data over the IR link, and/or using a local 
   area network (LAN) over the IR link.
3. Start using the IR link on a daily basis.

After you install the driver, it can be removed at any time (for 
more information, see "An Optional Step: Removing the IR Communications 
Driver").

Procedures for carrying out each of the recommended steps, including 
the driver removal step, are presented in detail below.

Step 1: Installing the IR Communications Driver
-----------------------------------------------
NOTE:
If any version of the IR communications driver has been installed 
on your computer before, you must remove it before carrying out 
the following steps. To check whether an IR communications driver 
is currently installed on your computer, open Control Panel. If 
Control Panel displays an Infrared icon, there is a previously 
installed version of the IR communications driver on your computer.

For a procedure you can use to remove a previously installed 
version of the driver, see "An Optional Step: Removing the 
IR Communications Driver" later in this document.

To install the IR communications driver, carry out the following 
procedure:

1. In Control Panel, double-click the Add New Hardware icon, and 
   then click Next.

2. When the Add New Hardware wizard prompts you "Do you want Windows 
   to search for your new hardware?", click No, and then click Next.

3. In the list of hardware types, click Infrared, and then click 
   Next.

4. When the Add Infrared Device Wizard prompts you to choose a 
   manufacturer's name for the IR device:

   - If the computer has a built-in device, choose Standard Infrared 
     Devices)
   - If an IR adapter is attached to the computer, choose the name 
     of the manufacturer and the model of the adapter.

   Then click Next.

5. When the Add Infrared Device Wizard prompts you to choose the 
   communications port that the IR device is physically connected to, 
   click the port in the list. If you are uncertain which physical 
   communications port the IR device is using, select the first COM 
   port in the list (for example, COM1). Then click Next.

6. When the Add Infrared Device Wizard prompts you to select the 
   virtual COM and LPT ports, accept the default values by clicking 
   Next. After the wizard copies the IR communications driver files 
   to the hard disk, watch for the wizard to display two New Hardware 
   Found messages.

7. When you are prompted by the Add Infrared Device Wizard, click 
   Finish to complete the IR device installation. If the wizard did 
   not display New Hardware Found messages as it carried out step 4, 
   then restart the computer. (If the New Hardware Found messages were 
   displayed, there is no need to restart the computer).

8. Activate the IR device by double-clicking the Infrared icon in 
   Control Panel. If there is no Infrared icon in Control Panel, then 
   either click the View menu and then click Refresh, or press F5 to 
   make the Infrared icon appear.

For general information about how to use the Infrared Monitor, click 
the Help button in the lower-right corner of the Infrared Monitor 
screen. For information about specific items in a dialog box, such as 
check boxes, right-click the item, and then click the "What's this?" 
command.

The Options tab of the Infrared Monitor interface contains the 
following two particularly useful items:

- The Enable Infrared Communication On check box, which enables and 
  disables the IR device.

- The Limit Connection Speed To option, which limits the link speed 
  the IR device can negotiate. 

   The Limit Connection Speed To option might be used if an adapter 
   is attached to a COM port that is using an 8250 UART instead of a 
   16550 UART, or if an adapter is connected to a relatively slow 
   computer (such as a 386 running at 20 MHz). In these cases, this 
   option can be used to limit the connection speed to 19.2 kbps.

Step 2: Validating the IR Communications Driver Installation
------------------------------------------------------------
You can use any of the following methods to validate the IR 
communications driver installation:

- Print from a program over an IR link to the printer (if an IR-capable 
  printer is available),

- Exchange data between two IR-capable computers over an IR link, using 
  a communications program.

- View the computer's Network Neighborhood over an IR link (if an IrLan 
  access point device is available).

Printing to an IR-Capable Printer:

To test the printing capability of a Windows 96 program over an IR link 
to an IrDA-compliant printer, carry out the following steps:

- Make sure the IR communications driver is installed on the computer.
- Make sure the printer driver for the IR-capable printer is installed 
  on the computer.
- Try the Print option in a program.

Printers without built-in IR ports can be made IR-capable by connecting 
an IR adapter made for printers into the printer's parallel port. An 
example of an IR adapter for printers is the Extended Systems JetEye 
Infrared Printer Port ESI-9680. If a parallel cable is also used to 
connect the computer to the IR printer adapter, you can use either the 
IR link or the parallel cable to print. The IR link is used when you 
select the virtual parallel port; the cable is used when you select the 
physical parallel port.

To validate the IR link to the printer, make sure the correct printer 
driver is installed for the IR-capable printer. (Most printers with 
built-in IR ports are Plug and Play devices, which are installed 
automatically.) Then use a program to print over the IR link.

If the program prints on an IR-capable printer, the IR driver 
installation is validated. If there is trouble printing, see 
"Troubleshooting" for more information.

Exchanging Data Between Two Computers:

To validate a link between two computers running Windows 96, install 
the IR communications driver on both computers. To do this, carry out 
the procedure in "Step 1. Installing the IR Communications Driver" 
earlier in this document.

Note that the IR devices on the two computers do not have to be made 
by the same manufacturer as long as both devices are IrDA-compliant. 
For example, the IR link will work with a JetEye PC Infrared PC 
Interface (ESI-9680) attached to one desktop computer and an Adaptec 
AIRport APA-9320 External Infrared Adapter attached to the other 
desktop computer.

One way to validate an IR link is to run HyperTerminal on both 
computers and send characters from the keyboard of each computer 
over the IR link. HyperTerminal is installed on a Windows 96 computer 
as part of the typical installation recommended for most computers. 
To validate the IR driver installation of the IR driver on both 
computers, carry out the following procedure.

1. On both computers, click the Start button, point to Settings, 
   and then click Control Panel. Double-click the Infrared icon. 

2. Move the IR devices within three feet of each other, and make 
   sure they're pointing at each other. When the two IR devices 
   discover each other, the message "Available infrared devices 
   in range" appears on the Status tab of the Infrared Monitor 
   interface screen. Make sure Infrared Monitor reports both IR 
   devices have the appropriate infrared device within range before 
   proceeding. It might be necessary to realign the IR devices so 
   they point right at each other, move them closer together, and/or 
   change the batteries in an IR adapter or plug the AC power into 
   an IR adapter. For more information, see "Troubleshooting" 
   earlier in the document.

3. On one of the computers, click the Options tab in the Infrared 
   Monitor interface and find the information that starts with 
   "Providing application support on ...". Write down the name of 
   the COM port found there. This is the name of the virtual serial 
   port that the IR link is using. The name of this virtual serial 
   port might be COM4 or COM5, and it will differ from the name of 
   the physical communications port the IR device is running on 
   (which is typically named COM1 or COM2).

4. Run HyperTerminal on the computer with the virtual serial port 
   name by clicking the Start button, pointing to Programs, pointing 
   to Accessories, and then clicking the HyperTerminal folder. In the 
   window that appears, double-click the Hypertrm.exe icon.

5. In the Connection Description dialog box, type a descriptive name 
   (such as "Direct IR") for the new connection, and then click OK.

6. In the Phone Number dialog box, use the Connect Using drop-down list 
   to click the "Direct to Comx" entry, where x is the number of the 
   virtual COM port written down in step 2. Then click OK. It is now 
   possible to start using HyperTerminal on one of the computers.

7. Repeat steps 2 through 5 for the other computer.

8. In HyperTerminal on either computer, type any characters at the 
   keyboard. If the typed characters appear in the HyperTerminal window 
   on the other computer, then it is confirmed that the IR link works 
   in that direction. Repeat this step on the other computer. If the 
   IR link works in both directions using HyperTerminal, the IR 
   communications driver has been successfully installed on both 
   computers.

   NOTE:
   When you type characters in HyperTerminal, status changes are 
   displayed in the Status tab of the Infrared Monitor interface.

9. Disconnect the HyperTerminal direct IR connection by exiting 
   HyperTerminal on both computers. When you are prompted to save 
   the session, click Yes. This saves the direct IR connection 
   setup information as an icon in the HyperTerminal main folder, 
   enabling you to double-click this icon to restart one side of 
   the HyperTerminal direct IR connection.

Viewing Network Neighborhood Over an IR Link:

The version 2.0 IR communications driver enables a computer with 
an IR device either a built-in device or an adapter) to connect to 
a local area network LAN) through an IrLan access point device acting 
as the network adapter for the computer. An IrLan access point device 
is hardware that supports both a LAN network interface controller 
(NIC) and an infrared transceiver. Local area network access over 
an IR link has been tested with the following IrLan access point 
devices: the Extended Systems ESI-9910 JetEye Net Plus and the 
Hewlett-Packard NetBeam IR Infrared LAN Adapter. 

To test a computer's ability to use a local area network (LAN) 
over an IR link, first install the IR communications driver on 
the computer. Then carry out the following steps:

1. Run IR Monitor.

2. Turn on the IrLan access point device, such as the Extended 
   Systems ESI-9910 JetEye Net Plus, and place the infrared 
   receiver/transmitter of the IrLan access point device within 
   range of the computer's infrared device.

3. When the computer infrared device and the IrLan access point 
   infrared device discover each other, the Infrared Monitor 
   interface indicates "Infrared communication in progress."

4. When the Infrared Monitor interface shows that the IR link 
   has been established, click the Network Neighborhood icon to 
   display the icons of the remote computers that can be accessed 
   through the IrLan access point device. There can be a delay of 
   some seconds before the remote computer icons are displayed. 

If you have trouble accessing the LAN, see "Troubleshooting" for 
more information.

Step 3. Running Other IR-Capable Programs
---------------------------------------------
Most programs that can communicate over a null modem cable that 
connects serial ports on two Windows 96 computers should also be 
able to communicate over an IR link. The procedure for setting up 
and using the IR link with these other communicating programs will 
probably be similar to the procedure used in "Exchanging Data Between 
Two Computers," which uses HyperTerminal to validate the installation 
of the IR communications driver. The procedure for running the 
Windows 96 Direct Cable Connection is provided in detail in "Notes 
on Running Direct Cable Connection Over an IR Link."

An Optional Step: Removing the IR Communications Driver
-------------------------------------------------------
The IR communications driver can be removed either by using Add/Remove 
Programs in Control Panel or by using the Device Manager. Both methods 
are documented in this file, but using Add/Remove Programs is the 
preferred method.

To remove the IR communications driver by using Control Panel:

1. Click the Start button, point to Settings, and then click Control 
   Panel.
2. Double-click the Add/Remove Programs icon.
3. Click Infrared Support for Windows 96, and then click Add/Remove.
4. When you are prompted to do so, restart your computer.

To remove the IR communications driver by using Device Manager:

1. Right-click the My Computer icon, click Properties, and then click 
   the Device Manager tab.
2. Make sure that View Devices By Type is selected, then click the 
   plus sign at the left of the Infrared device class label.
3. Click the infrared device name, and then click Remove.
4. When you are prompted to do so, click OK to confirm the device 
   removal.

After Device Manager successfully removes the infrared device 
installation information from the computer, the Infrared device 
class label disappears from the System Properties dialog box.

NOTE:
The Infrared Monitor icon might still be displayed in the Windows 96 
toolbar, even after the infrared device is removed. You can ignore it; 
the Infrared Monitor cannot be used to establish an IR link after the 
infrared device is removed.

Notes on Running Direct Cable Connection Over an IR Link
--------------------------------------------------------
With Direct Cable Connection (DCC), a direct serial or parallel 
cable connection can be established between two computers to share 
the resources of the computer designated as the host. DCC can also 
be used over an IR link connecting the host and a guest computer. 
If the host is connected to a LAN, the host can also be used as a 
gateway to the LAN for the guest. 

Preparing to Use DCC:

The computer that contains the folder to be shared is the host, 
and the other computer is the guest. To share a folder on the 
host, granting access rights to anyone using the guest computer, 
carry out the following procedure.

NOTE:
The following procedure is just one of many that could be used 
to share files in a folder on the host computer. For example, 
there is user-level access control as well as share-level access 
control. The following procedure is one of the simplest access 
control procedures, which is all that is needed to get started 
using DCC. To get information about all the ways files, folders, 
and printers can be shared, use the Windows 96 Help.

1. Double-click the My Computer icon.
2. Double-click the icon for the drive that contains the folder you 
   want to share (for example, double-click the icon for the C drive).
3. Right-click the icon for the folder you want to share, and then 
   click Properties.
4. Click the Sharing tab, and then click Shared As.
5. Enter a share name, enter a comment, and then add user access 
   rights (Full or Read-Only).

   The folder icon now changes to a folder held in a hand, 
   indicating that this folder is now a shared resource.

Making Sure DCC Is Installed on Both Computers:

DCC is not installed with the typical Windows 96 installation 
recommended for most computers. Check whether DCC is installed 
on both of the two computers that will be using the IR link. To 
do this, click the Start button, point to Programs, and then point 
to Accessories. Direct Cable Connection appears on this menu if it 
is installed.

If DCC is installed on both the host computer and the guest computer, 
then skip the next step.

An Optional Step: Installing DCC:

Before establishing a DCC connection, DCC must be installed on both 
the host computer and the guest computer. Carry out the following 
procedure on each computer that does not have DCC already installed.

1. Click the Start button, point to Settings, and then click Control 
   Panel.
2. Double-click the Add/Remove Programs icon, and then click the 
   Windows Setup tab.
3. Click Communications, and then click the Details button.
4. Make sure that the Direct Cable Connection check box is selected, 
   and then click OK.

Establishing and Using the DCC IR Link Between Host and Guest:

To run DCC over an IR link, carry out the following procedure:

1. Make sure the IR communications driver is properly installed and 
   the IR devices are enabled by carrying out the procedures in 
   "Step 1. Installing the IR Communications Driver" and "Step 2. 
   Validating the IR Communications Driver Installation" earlier 
   in this document.

   NOTE:
   To increase the likelihood of success with DCC over an IR link, 
   use the Limit Connection Speed To option on the Infrared Monitor 
   Options tab to limit the IR connection speed to 9600 bps for the 
   first test of DCC over the IR link (and then increase the speed 
   later).

2. On the host computer, click the Start button, point to Accessories, 
   and then click Direct Cable  Connection.

3. Follow the steps in the Direct Cable Connection Wizard to set up 
   the host computer.

   When the wizard prompts you for it, select the Host option. 

   When the wizard prompts you to choose a port, use the same 
   virtual port used in the procedure "Step 2. Validating the 
   IR Communications Driver Installation" earlier in this document. 

   The wizard also offers password protection. It is not necessary 
   to establish password protection on the host computer for this 
   test of the IR link. When you have finished the wizard, click the 
   Finish button. DCC starts running on the IR link and displays the 
   following message: "Status: Waiting to connect via Serial cable on 
   Comx," where Comx is the name of the virtual port the IR link is 
   using.

4. Repeat steps 2 and 3 for the guest computer, except select the 
   Guest option instead of the Host option. When you have finished 
   the wizard, click the Finish button.

   The DCC connection is automatically made over the IR link, and all 
   the shared folders on the host computer are displayed on the guest 
   computer's screen.

If you are working on the guest computer, and you want to copy a shared 
folder from the host computer to the guest computer, select the folder's 
icon in the window that displays all the shared folders that are on the 
host computer, and drag the icon to the desktop.

To work on a shared folder on the host computer without copying it to 
the guest computer, double-click the folder in the display on the guest 
computer. Note that if the host computer is connected to a network, the 
guest computer can reach shared resources on the network through the DCC 
connection to the host.


IR COMMUNICATIONS DRIVER COMPONENTS
-----------------------------------

The following files make up the IR communications driver:

Filename        Description
--------        -----------
ACT200L.VXD	    Support for the ACTiSYS ACT-IR200L IR adapter
ACT220L.VXD	    Support for the ACTiSYS ACT-IR220L IR adapter
ADAPTEC.VXD	    Support for Adaptec IR adapter
CRYSTAL.VXD	    Support for AMP PhasIR Serial Adapter
ESI.VXD         Support for Extended Systems JetEye PC Infrared 
                  Interface (ESI9680)
INFRARED.CPL    Infrared device in the Windows 96 Control Panel
INFRARED.DLL    Infrared device class installer
INFRARED.INF    IR device information file for Windows 96 Setup
INFRARED.HLP    On-line help topics for Infrared Monitor
IRCOMM.VXD      Top layer of IR communications for Windows 96
IRDALAN.INF     IrLan device information file for Windows 96 Setup
IRDALAN.SYS     IrLan driver
IRENUM.VXD      Enumerator for the "IR bus"
IRLAMP.VXD      IrDA protocol, middle layer of IR communications 
                  for Windows 96
IRLAPFRM.VXD    Generic infrared framer, lower layer of IR 
                  communications for Windows 96
IRMON.EXE       Infrared Monitor
IRMONHLP.EXE    IR Monitor on-line help utility	
IR_BEGIN.WAV    Sound for Infrared Monitor user interface
IR_END.WAV      Sound for Infrared Monitor user interface
IR_INTER.WAV    Sound for Infrared Monitor user interface
MSPORTS.INF     IR port information file for Windows 96 Setup
PARALLAX.VXD    Support for Parallax IR Adapter, LiteLink PRA9600A
W_IR.CNT        Table of contents for Infrared Monitor on-line help

The documentation files supplied with the IR device driver are:

Filename        Description
--------        -----------         
Infrared.txt    This document.


IR ADAPTER MANUFACTURER NAMES AND ADDRESSES
-------------------------------------------

The following manufacturers supply IR adapters that have been tested 
successfully with the Windows 96 IR Communications driver:

ActiSys, Inc.
1507 Fulton Place
Fremont CA 94539
Tel: (510) 490-8024
Fax: (510) 623-7268
E-mail: corp@actisys.com

Adaptec, Inc.
691 South Milpitas Blvd,
Milpitas CA 96035
Tel: 1 (800) 969-7274
Fax: 1 (408) 967-7223

AMP Product Information Center
AMP Incorporated
Harrisburg PA 17105
Tel: 1 (800) 522-6752

Extended Systems, Inc.
5777 North Meeker Ave
Boise ID 83704-1520
Tel: (208) 322-7575
Fax: (208) 377-1906

The Parallax IR adapter distributor in North America is:

TSC Electronics
1610 Lockness Place
Torrance CA 90501
Tel: (310) 534-2738
Fax: (310) 534-3216
E-mail: dtsaitsc@aol.com
Contact: Daniel Tsai

The Parallax IR adapter distributor outside North America is:

Parallax Research
201 Innovation Centre
NTU
Nanyang Drive
Singapore 639798
Republic of Singapore
Tel: +65 793-0855
Fax: +65 793-0775
E-mail: parallax@technet.sg
