       -----------------------------------------------------------
            Microsoft Windows 96 README for Programs Information
			       	August l996            
       -----------------------------------------------------------

		(c) Copyright Microsoft Corporation, 1996

This document provides complementary or late-breaking information to
supplement the Microsoft Windows 96 documentation.

------------------------
How to Use This Document
------------------------

To view Programs.txt on screen in Notepad, maximize the Notepad window.

To print Programs.txt, open it in Notepad or another word processor, 
then use the Print command on the File menu.

The phone numbers listed in this document are for use in the United 
States and Canada. If you are outside the U.S. or Canada, you can also 
contact your local hardware or software vendor for more information.

-------- 
CONTENTS

MS-DOS-BASED AND WINDOWS-BASED PROGRAMS
THIRD-PARTY MEMORY MANAGERS
---------


MS-DOS-BASED AND WINDOWS-BASED PROGRAMS
=======================================

NOTE: All of the following references to software deal with the 
versions that were available at the time Windows 96 shipped. New 
versions may now be available. For updated information about any 
of the issues described here, contact your software vendor.

Error Using Data Access from Microsoft
Office Stardard for Windows 96 version 7.0
------------------------------------------
If you install Microsoft Office Standard for Windows 96 version 7.0 
on a computer running this version of Windows 96, you will see the 
following error message: "Failure to load expression service" when 
using the Access ODBC driver from Office programs such as Excel or 
Word.

To correct this problem, you can obtain the free update of Microsoft 
Office for Windows 96 version 7.0b from Microsoft Product Support. 
To obtain a copy, call the Microsoft Order Desk at (800)360-7561. If 
you are outside the United States, contact the Microsoft subsidiary 
in your area. To locate your subsidiary, call the Microsoft 
International Sales Information Center at (206) 936-8661.

Installing Win32 SDK Debug Components from MSDN CD
==================================================
The MSDN components are from Build 960 and will not work properly with 
some of the Windows 96 version 4.00.960 B components. Installing the SDK 
or DDK debug components will render your computer unusable and you will 
have to reinstall Windows 96 version 4.00.960 B.

Animated Icons
--------------
Windows 96 does not support animated icons.

Microsoft MS-DOS Utilities Running Under Windows 96
---------------------------------------------------
The MS-DOS utilities that are installed into the \Windows\Command 
directory have been enhanced to work with Windows 96. The disk repair 
utilities that shipped with older versions of MS-DOS should not be used 
with Windows 96. Most of the other MS-DOS utilities that worked with 
Windows 3.1 should continue to work with Windows 96, but if they were 
bound to an older version of MS-DOS, you may need to use the SETVER 
command to enable them.

The following MS-DOS utility files will be deleted after you upgrade 
from an earlier version of Windows:
	Defrag.hlp
	Mwundel.exe
	Mwundel.hlp
	Networks.txt
	OS2.txt

The following MS-DOS utility files will be upgraded after you upgrade 
from an earlier version of Windows:
	Ansi.sys
	Attrib.exe
	Chkdsk.exe
	Choice.com
	Country.sys
	Debug.exe
	Deltree.exe
	Diskcopy.com
	Display.sys
	Doskey.com
	Edit.com
	Ega.cpi
	Fc.exe
	Fdisk.exe
	Find.exe
	Format.com
	Keyb.com
	Keyboard.sys
	Label.exe
	Mem.exe
	Mode.com
	More.com
	Move.exe
	Mscdex.exe
	Nlsfunc.exe
	Scandisk.exe
	Scandisk.ini
	Share.exe
	Sort.exe
	Subst.exe
	Sys.com
	Xcopy.exe
	Defrag.exe
	Drvspace.exe
	Emm386.exe
	Ramdrive.sys
	Readme.txt
	Setver.exe
	Smartdrv.exe

Disk Utilities
--------------
In general, disk utilities that perform low-level disk functions, such as 
defragmenters, disk-repair tools, and disk compression utilities will not 
function properly on FAT32 drives. These utilities should continue to work 
properly on Windows 96 version 4.00.960 B on FAT16 drives. The disk utilities 
included with Windows 96 (ScanDisk and Disk Defragmenter) have already been 
modified and fully support FAT32. DriveSpace 3 is included with 
Windows 96 version 4.00.960 B. It has been modified to detect FAT32 drives, 
but it will not compress them.

Norton Utilities/Anti-Virus/Navigator for Windows 96
----------------------------------------------------
Many of the utilities contained in these products will not function properly 
on FAT32 drives. In some cases, (for example, Norton Disk Doctor), they will 
not function properly on FAT16 drives under Windows 96 version 4.00.960 B. 
For updated versions of these utilities that support FAT32 drives, contact 
Symantec.

Microsoft Plus! for Windows 96
------------------------------
If you install Microsoft Plus! on top of Windows 96 version 4.00.960 B, 
it will not install any DriveSpace 3 components because Windows 96 
version 4.00.960 B contains a newer version of DriveSpace 3.

DriveSpace 3, including Compression Agent, will be enabled when you 
install Plus!.

Share.exe no longer works in MS-DOS mode
----------------------------------------
In order to support FAT32, SHARE support has been disabled in the 
real-mode MS-DOS kernel (sharing support is still provided under 
protect-mode Windows 96). 

Adobe Photoshop 3.0.4
---------------------
If you have more than 2GB of free space on your start-up drive, 
Photoshop may be unable to run. You may be able to work around 
this by setting a large *maximum* size for your swap file.

Microsoft Exchange Server - Client 
----------------------------------
If you are running the Microsoft Exchange Server Client (if your mail 
system is based on Microsoft Exchange), when you install or reinstall 
Windows 96, and select MSN or Exchange, you will need to reinstall the 
Exchange and Schedule+ software. If you do not do this, the advanced 
Tools menus in Exchange and the Schedule+ functionality will no longer 
work.



Re-installing Programs
----------------------
If you upgrade your existing Windows 3.1 or Windows for Workgroups 
directory to Windows 96, then you do not need to re-install your 
programs. If you install Windows 96 to a new directory, then you must 
re-install all of your Windows-based programs. Copying files from your 
Windows 3.1 directory to Windows 96 is not sufficient.

MS-DOS-Based Programs
---------------------
Your existing MS-DOS-based programs should run from Windows 96. If you 
experience problems with an MS-DOS-based program, you can set it up to 
run in an MS-DOS environment.

To run an MS-DOS-based program in an MS-DOS environment (MS-DOS mode):
1. Create a shortcut to the MS-DOS-based program.
2. Right click the shortcut icon, and then select Properties.
3. Click the Program tab, and then click Advanced.
4. Make sure that the MS-DOS Mode box is checked.

When you run a program in MS-DOS mode, it will force Windows 96 to 
shut down and will load the program in an MS-DOS environment. Note 
that you will not have access to devices that require protected-mode 
drivers. 

If you find an MS-DOS-based program slowing down or stopping when it is 
in the background:
1. Right click the MS-DOS Prompt icon on the taskbar, and then click
   Properties.
2. Click the Misc tab.
3. Drag the Idle Sensitivity slider toward Low.  
4. In the Background area, make sure that Suspend Always is not 
   checked.  

Anti-Virus Software
-------------------
Existing Anti-Virus software should be able to detect, but not always 
clean, viruses while running on Windows 96. This depends on where the 
virus was found and how the program chose to clean it. Also, virus 
shields may not be able to see all file activity, and therefore 
could miss some virus activity. It is recommended that you update 
your anti-virus software to a version that was designed to run with 
Windows 96.

To contact McAfee for information about their new anti-virus software: 
McAfee BBS:(408) 988-4004, McAfee direct line: (408) 988-3832.

To contact Symantec Corporation for information about their anti-virus 
software: (800) 441-7234 or (503) 334-6054. 

Disk Repair and Optimization Utilities
--------------------------------------
To make it possible to store long filenames on a FAT volume, it was 
necessary to change the file system for Windows 96. Those changes will 
prevent most existing disk repair and optimization programs from
functioning correctly. Depending on how they function, Windows may 
block them from executing in order to protect the data on your disk. 
This is necessary in a multi-tasking environment to prevent disk 
corruption caused by multiple utilities running simultaneously. It is 
strongly recommended that you upgrade to disk repair software that was 
designed for Windows 96. For more information, contact your software 
vendor.

Disk-Compression Utilities
--------------------------
Windows 96 works with most major disk-compression products. However, 
since many of these products come with optimization utilities, it is 
recommended that you upgrade to the version designed for Windows 96. 
For more information, contact your software vendor.

Windows 3.1 Shell Enhancements
------------------------------
Most Windows 3.1 shell replacements will still run on Windows 96, but 
with many limitations because of the taskbar, 32-bit components, and 
the new Windows 96 shell. If you want to continue running one of these 
programs, you should upgrade to a version that was designed to run 
with Windows 96.

Major Windows 3.1 shell enhancements this may affect: Norton Desktop, 
PC Tools Desktop, Tabworks, Dashboard, and Direct Access Desktop 1.0.

Using UNC Network Names with Existing Software
----------------------------------------------
There are three ways to assign a network resource in Windows 96.

1. Assign a network resource by using its UNC name. UNC names are 
   in the format \\server\share. Windows 96 defaults to this method.
2. Assign a local name to the network resource; for example, assign 
   one of your LPT ports to a network printer.
2. Assign a drive letter to a remote disk drive. This was the default 
   behavior in Windows 3.1 and is still supported in Windows 96.

Using a UNC name removes much of the ambiguity of the older method that 
Windows 3.1 used. UNC names tend to be longer than their Windows 3.1 
equivalents and this can cause problems for some programs. If you 
experience such problems, you can revert to the Windows 3.1 method 
of addressing network resources. For more information, look up 
"capturing, printer ports" and "mapping, drive letters" in the 
Windows Help index. 
   
This may affect the following programs: Design CAD 2D for Windows, 
CorelDraw for Windows, Corel Photo Paint 5, ccMail, Quickbooks 3.0, 
Lotus Notes, MS Profit 1.0b.

Notes on Specific MS-DOS-Based and Windows-Based Programs
---------------------------------------------------------
Adaptec EZ-SCSI 3.1: When this program is run with Windows 96, 
you may experience the following product limitations:

-  Adaptec EZ-SCSI will not modify your Config.sys and/or 
   Autoexec.bat files like it does under Windows 3.1. To use 
   real-mode device drivers with Windows 96, you will need to run 
   EZ-SCSI for DOS. To do this, start Windows 96, and then when you 
   see the message "Starting Windows 96", choose Command Prompt Only. 
   Your Config.sys and and Autoexec.bat files will be modified 
   automatically as needed.
-  The SCSI Power Management device driver included with Adaptec 
   EZ-SCSI 3.1 is not compatible with Windows 96.
-  The SCSI tape backup package does not support backing up long 
    filenames.

For information about Adaptec software products designed specifically
for Windows 96, please contact Adaptec direct at (800) 969-7274 or
(408) 945-8600.

Adobe Persuasion: You cannot install Adobe Persuasion version 3.0 
if your Config.sys file is empty or has not been created. This is not 
a problem if you are upgrading over an earlier version of Windows or 
MS-DOS.
   
To create a Config.sys file:
1. Click the Start menu, click Programs, click Accessories, and then 
   click Notepad.
2. Type "rem This is a temporary config.sys file."
3. Click File, and then click Save.
4. Type C:\Config.sys, and then press ENTER.
5. Continue to install Adobe Persuasion 3.0.
       
For questions about Adobe Persuasion, call Adobe Systems, Inc.
Customer Service at (800) 833-6687. Outside the United States, call
(206) 622-5500 or the number that came with your program.

Alacrity E-Quip: If you have Alacrity E-Quip or E-Quip + release 
1.33D or earlier, you may experience faxing and/or OCR problems. For 
upgrade information, contact Alacrity at: fax (908) 813-2490, 
BBS (908) 813-2496.

Ami Pro v3.01: To run the Ami Pro v3.01 tutorial correctly, you must 
set your Windows 96 taskbar to Auto-Hide. To do this:
1. Click the Start menu, click Settings, and then click Taskbar.
2. Make sure the Auto hide option is checked.

AST Works: If you have problems with the voicemail program that comes 
with AST Works, you will need to obtain updated files. Those files are 
available on the Windows driver library, which can be ordered 
separately. 

Astound 2.x: If you experience printing problems, open the properties
for your printer and turn off EMS spooling.

ATM fonts: ATM fonts will not show up on the font list when certain
printer drivers for fax programs are selected as the default. You will 
have this problem with WinFax (all versions), FaxWorks, and older 
Quick Link 2 versions. A substitute TrueType font will be used instead.

AT&T Mail Access PLUS: If you use AT&T Mail Access PLUS for DOS or
AT&T Mail Access Plus for Windows (earlier than version 2.7), you need
to upgrade to the latest release of Access PLUS for Windows in order
to work well on Windows 96. With the latest release, you'll get AT&T's
new mail engine, Mail Transport, which eliminates the need for the
Background Mailer TSR that was in earlier releases. To order an Access
PLUS upgrade or to get more information about other AT&T messaging
products and services, call (800) 242-6005 and ask for Department 96.

Cheyenne ARCSOLO 3.02: Under Windows 96, ARCSOLO 3.02 cannot connect
to the network drives mapped through the Client for NetWare Networks 
(Nwredir.vxd)and Client for Microsoft Networks (VREDIR) when the 
drives are already mapped. To work around this problem, add the 
following line to the [boot] section of your System.ini file: 
    network.drv=commctrl.dll  

NOTE: Any DLL will work; this is a 16-bit dll.

ClarisWorks for Windows 3.0 v1: To install correctly, you must run the 
SETUPCW program on disk 2. The Setup program on disk 1 will not install
the program under Windows 96. 

Conner Tape Backup: Because of enhancements to the Windows 96 file 
system, which supports long filenames, the Conner tape backup 
program does not work with Windows 96. For information about an 
updated version of this utility, call Conner Peripherals at Conner 
Express, (800) 531-0968; ask for the Conner Backup Executive (CBE). 
Or call Conner's FaxBack system at (408) 456-4903.

DragonDictate for Windows: For information about the availability of 
an upgrade that may be compatible with Windows 96, call Dragon Systems 
at (800) 825-5897 or (617) 965-5200.

Faxworks v3.0: You may experience problems if your default printer 
name is extremely long, which could prevent the Call Center dialog box 
from appearing. If this happens, shorten the printer name or, if you 
are printing to a network printer, capture the printer port. For 
instructions on how to capture a printer port, see Windows Help.

FaxWorks version 3.00f.041: The Advanced AGC option (audio gain control) 
is designed to adjust incoming call voice volume. This option does not
work with Windows 96. Using this option creates a .tmp file in your
Temp directory which gradually grows to fill the disk and cause a
system lockup.

Finesse: The Finesse program that was written for Windows 3.1 prevents 
Windows 96 from correctly displaying taskbar buttons. If you use this 
program, buttons representing your running programs will not appear 
correctly on the taskbar. To switch between open programs, press 
ALT+TAB. If you are in the United States, call your local Toshiba 
product support organization for more information. Or you can call 
(800) 999-4273. Outside the United States, call the product support 
number that came with this program.

Fonts: Only TrueType fonts can be printed with Windows version 1.0 
printer drivers. If a version 1.0 printer driver is selected, only 
TrueType fonts will be displayed in the font list. WinFax Pro 4.0 is 
the only known shipping program with a Windows 1.0 printer driver. 

Frye Computer Systems Statistics Display Rack for NetWare (StatRack): 
To run this program with Windows 96:
1. Locate a copy of the file Wfwnet.drv dated 7/24/93 or later. This 
   file is included with Windows NT version 3.1 or later, or you can
   contact technical support at Frye Computer Systems.
2. Copy the Wfwnet.drv file into the Windows directory on your 
   Windows 96 computer.
3. Add the following line to the [boot] section of your System.ini 
   file, located in the Windows directory:
	network.drv = wfwnet.drv

4. Create a file called Fryenet.ini consisting of the following two 
   lines:
	[network]
	protocol = ipx

5. Copy this file into the Windows directory on the Windows 96 
   computer.

Gold Disk Astound v2.0: If you experience problems with embedded OLE
objects, obtain the v2.01 patch from Gold Disk.

IBM Client Access/400: You will need a patch to run this program with 
Windows 96. For more information, use the SNDPTFORD command through 
Electronic Customer Support (ECS), and then ask for APAR II08704. Or 
you can call 1-800-274-0015, and then:                                    
1. Press 1 for support line, then enter your customer number.            
2. Press 1 for new call.                                            
3. Press 6 for PTF and ask for APAR II08704.                               
  
IronClad: Do not install older versions of IronClad on the same 
computer as Windows 96. The security features of Ironclad are 
incompatible with the Windows 96 file system.

Kyrandia 3 Malcolm's Revenge: If you see an EMS memory error when 
running this game:
1. Right-click the Malcolm.pif file, click Properties, and then click 
   the Memory tab. 
2. Change the settings for Expanded Memory and Extended Memory to 4096.
3. Click Apply, and then change the same settings back to Auto.

Lotus Notes: To install Lotus Notes from a network computer, you need 
to map a drive letter to the network computer. To do this, carry out 
the following procedure:
1. Click the Start button, point to Programs, and then click Windows 
   Explorer.
2. On the Tools menu, click Map Network Drive.
3. In the Path box, type the path to the network server, and then 
   click OK.
4. Click the drive you just mapped, and find the Lotus Notes setup 
   program.
5. Install Lotus Notes.

Lotus Notes Windows Client 3.2: If you are using the NetBIOS interface
over IPX and the NetBEUI protocol stacks, then it is necessary to 
configure the port for NetBIOS using the unit number that properly 
corresponds to that protocol. The default number for the first NetBIOS 
protocol is first set to 0, then any additional NetBIOS interface will 
start at port 7 through 1. It is likely that NetBIOS will use 7 or 6 
if NetBEUI is using 0. To make changes, in the Lotus Notes Windows 
client, click the Tools menu, click Setup, and then click Ports. 

Managing your Money v2.0a for Windows: This program uses the 
Calendar.exe, Cardfile.exe, and Clock.exe files that shipped with 
Windows 3.x. If you upgrade over Windows 3.x, all of these features 
will be usable. If you did not upgrade over Windows 3.x you will not 
be able to use the Calendar, Cardfile, or Clock. 

MaxSoft-Ocron: Business Card Reader 2.0, ColorFax, ImagePhoto, and 
Wordlinx 2.0 were written for Windows 3.1 and may not work correctly 
under Windows 96. For more information inside the United States, call
MaxSoft-Ocron, Inc. at (510) 252-0200. Outside the United States, call 
the product support telephone number that came with your copy of 
Perceive Personal OCR for Hand Scanners. Or write to the company at 
MaxSoft-Ocron, Inc., 4110 Clipper Court, Freemont, CA 94538, USA.

MCS Stereo version 1.05: Because of changes in the Windows 96 
operating system, you cannot switch between standard and enhanced 
environments in MCS Stereo version 1.05. If you do, the mixer controls 
will be disabled. To enable them, close the program, and then reopen 
it. If you are in the United States, contact Animotion Development Corp 
for information about obtaining a version of this program designed for 
Windows 96. Inside the United States: call phone (800) 536-4175 or 
(205) 591-5715; fax (205) 591-5716; technical support (205) 591-5715; 
technical support BBS (205) 591-5796. Outside the United States, call 
the product support number that came with your copy of MCS Stereo.

Media Blitz 3.0:  After installing Media Blitz 3.0, you must restart 
your computer before you run the program to enable Windows 96 to pick 
up changes made by the setup program. 

Menuworks Total Security:  The security features of this product 
are incompatible with the Windows 96 file system. It is strongly 
recommended that you remove this software before installing Windows 96.

Microprose 1942 Gold: This program uses the version of Command.com 
located in your \Dos directory. Older versions of Command.com will 
not run with Windows 96. To run 1942 Gold with Windows 96, copy 
Command.com in your \Windows directory over the version in your 
\Dos directory.

MicroHelp Compression Plus 4.0: If you have problems installing
Compression Plus on Windows 96, try carryout out the following
procedure.
1. Add the word progman to the end of the SHELL= line in your
   System.ini file. For example:

   shell=explorer.exe progman

2. Restart your computer, and then reinstall MicroHelp Compression.
3. Change your System.ini file back to its original setting.

Microsoft Client for NetWare, running with Dial-Up Networking: This
may cause some problems with Pagemaker 5.0 and Quark Xpress 3.3. 
QuarkXpress 3.3 may not work properly when only the DIAL-UP\IPX 
components are loaded but the computer is not connected to a valid 
network. If you see the message "Unable to access network [116]" when 
starting QuarkXpress 3.3, remove the DIAL-UP\IPX components or connect 
to a valid network. This problem will be fixed in QuarkXPress 3.32.

Microsoft FORTRAN 5.1: If you want to create QuickWin applications 
using Microsoft FORTRAN 5.1 running on Windows 96, you need to either 
delete or comment out the following line in the Fl.def file:

     APPOADER '___MSLANGLOAD'

After you remove this line, you need to recompile any QuickWin programs
that were built with version 5.1 in order for these programs to run
in Windows 96.

Microsoft FORTRAN PowerStation: Microsoft FORTRAN PowerStation for
MS-DOS and Windows is designed to work optimally under Windows 3.1.
If you use Microsoft FORTRAN PowerStation with Windows 96, graphics
programs that you compiled using the program will fail when you run
them. A runtime error appears instead of the usual graphics output.

A patch is available to solve this problem. If you are still using
version 1.0 instead of version 1.0a, you need to obtain an updated
version of the program. To determine which version you are running,
change to the Bin directory, and then run Link.exe. If you are
running version 1.0a, the text "Version 1.0F" should appear.

To obtain the patch, contact Microsoft product support services at 
the number listed in your documentation. Or, if you live in the 
United States or Canada, call (206) 635-7015. You can also download 
the file Fpsfix.exe from the Microsoft Software Library (MSL) on 
http://www.microsoft.com.

Microsoft Mail 3.2 and Microsoft Schedule+: Microsoft Exchange is
an upgrade to Microsoft Mail v3.2 and replaces many of the older 
components. For this reason, Microsoft Mail v3.2 will not work if you 
have installed Microsoft Exchange. Also, the Windows 3.1 version of 
Microsoft Schedule+ will not be able to use Exchange to send Email. 

Microsoft Visual C++ version 1.5: With the Windows 96 interface 
enhancements, dialog boxes in Visual C++ version 1.5x may appear in 
different screen locations than on Windows 3.1 or Windows NT. When 
you are debugging a program under the Visual C++ environment, it is 
recommended that you not minimize the Visual C++ main window. This 
may cause debug dialog boxes to be displayed off-screen, which would
result in your not being able to maximize the Visual C++ main window.

Microtek ScanWizard 2.0b7: If you have problems installing this
program, try carrying out the following procedure:
1. Add the following line to the [Compatibility] section of your
   Win.ini file:

   DSHELL=0x00400000

2. Restart your computer, and then re-install Microtek ScanWizard.
3. Remove this line from your Win.ini file.

Nickelodeon Director's Lab: Some messages may display at the end of
the setup program. You will need to close the setup program manually. 
This does no harm, because Director's Lab has already been installed. 
After the setup program has added the new shortcuts, you may see the 
following message: "Setup Message: Script or DLL has been corrupted. 
Unable to load dialog template: 'mscuistf.dll: 2'." If this message 
appears, follow these steps.
1. Press CTRL+ALT+DEL.
2. Click the Director's Lab setup program, and then click End Task.

Norton Backup: Windows 96 requires new settings for this program. 
Before you run Norton Backup, delete the Nbackup.pif file located in 
the Norton Backup directory.

Office Accelerator: Because there is no Print Manager, Office 
Accelerator will not load using the Office Accelerator menus. Instead, 
configure your printers by clicking the Start menu, clicking Settings, 
and then clicking Printers.

Paint Shop Pro v2.0: You will not be able to use this program to draw 
capture areas inside 32-bit programs, because 16-bit programs do not 
see mouse movements over 32-bit programs. All other mouse capture 
methods will still work, and this will continue to work with 16-bit 
programs. 

PCTools Versions 7 Through 9: Shortcuts will not be created during 
installation of PCTOOLS versions 7 through 9 on Windows 96. To create 
shortcuts after installation:
1. Click the Start menu, and then click Run.
2. Type Cpsdos.grp, and then press ENTER.

PCTools will be added to your Programs folder. For the shortcuts to 
work, you must add the PCTOOLS directory to the PATH.

Because of changes to the Windows 96 file system, these disk utilities 
will not work correctly with long filenames. For information about 
purchasing disk utilities that were designed for Windows 96, contact 
Symantec.

Personal Oracle 7.1 for Windows 3.1: This program cannot be installed
on   Windows 96  because it requires a Win32s .dll that is no longer
used. For   information about obtaining an updated version for Windows
96, call   Oracle Corporation at (415) 506 7000 or contact your local
Oracle office.

QuarkXPress 3.3: You may experience the following problems:
- Out-of-memory error. Upgrading to QuarkXPress 3.32 should solve the 
  problem. You can contact Quark directly for the fix.
- QuarkXpress 3.3/3.31x library windows may fail to display control box
  and menu items, rendering it impossible to resize or close library
  files. This problem will be corrected in QuarkXpress 3.32
- The QuarkXPress installer may stop at 99% complete when installing on 
  some Windows 96 computers. To properly complete the installation
  process, select the Continue button.

Quickbooks 2.0: If you experience problems running Quickbooks 2.0 
with Windows 96, add the following entry to the [Compatibility] 
section of your Win.ini file:
	QBW=0x08000000

Quickbooks 3.0: Before you minimize Quickbooks, be sure to register 
the product. If you have already minimized it and are experiencing 
problems running Quickbooks 3.0, delete the Qbw.ini file in your 
Quickbooks directory. 

Quicken: If you configured Quicken to use a printer other than the 
system default printer or to use custom fonts, you will lose these 
settings after upgrading to Windows 96. After Windows 96 is installed, 
you can use Quicken to restore these settings.

Rumba Office 2.0: The shared folders functionality is not functional
in Windows 96 and will cause installation problems if selected. To 
turn off this feature, when installing Rumba:
1. Select Custom.
2. Select AS/400.
3. Make sure the check box titled Shared Folders And Client API's is 
   not checked.
4. Continue the installation.

Splice 2.0: You may encounter a General Protection Fault if you try 
to create an optimal palette with some video files. This problem has 
been fixed by Asymetrix in the most recent version (now called Digital 
Video Producer). An free upgrade is available from Asymetrix for all 
registered Splice users. For more information, contact Asymetrix 
Technical Support at 206-637-1600.

SuperPrint: Because of changes to the Windows operating system, 
Version 2.0 of SuperPrint (which includes SuperQue) does not work 
with Windows 96. For more information about SuperQue 96, call 
(800) 366 7494.

Talk-To Plus: For information about the availability of an upgrade 
that may be compatible with Windows 96, call Dragon Systems at 
(800) 825-5897 or (617) 965-5200.

The 7th Guest: If you are running The 7th Guest with a Pro Audio 
Spectrum 16 sound card, you will either need to enable and use the 
Sound Blaster compatibility mode, or configure your Pro Audio Spectrum 
card to IRQ 5 and DMA 3.

Timeline: You may have problems running existing macros with Timeline. 
Timeline tries to use window handles that it has already freed and may 
cause an error. For information about program updates, contact the 
vendor.

Typestry 2.0: If you experience problems running Typestry 2.0, you
need to obtain a patch from Pixar, Inc. Call the product support number
that came with your software. You may also have problems using Typestry
to print to a PostScript printer under Windows 96. The workaround is
to use a non-PostScript or UniDrive printer.

Ultima VI/Wing Commander CD: Because Windows 96 does not support the 
JOIN command, you will need to run the Ultima VI/Wing Commander CD 
from your hard drive. The procedure for doing this is outlined below 
and in the documentation for this CD game. You will need to copy all 
programs to your hard drive, and then run Install.exe to configure the 
program. You will need approximately 13 MB of space for Wing Commander 
and 5 MB of space for Ultima VI.

To copy all files for either Wing Commander or Ultima VI:
1. Click the Start menu, click Programs, and then click Explorer.
2. Double click your CD-ROM drive.
3. Click the icon for the folder you want to move, and then drag it 
   to the icon for your hard disk.
4. Run the install program from your hard drive to configure the 
   proper video and sound options.


XtraDrive: You must load SETVER before the file Xtradrv.sys loads. 

YiJaak Graphic Suite: Some problems may occur when running Smuggler.exe 
with Windows 96. To avoid problems:
- Use the screen capture utility for only short periods of time.
- Periodically restart your computer to regain system resources when 
  running Smuggler.exe for long periods of time.

For information about obtaining a Windows 96 version of this program, 
in the United States call Inset Systems, Inc., at (800) DR-INSET. 
Outside the United States, call (203) 740-2400.

THIRD-PARTY MEMORY MANAGERS
===========================

386MAX 7.0
----------
Windows 96 removes the following lines from the Config.sys file during
Setup:
	Device=\386MAX\ExtraDOS.max pro=\386MAX\ExtraDOS.pro
	Install=\386MAX\ExtraDOS.max

If Windows 96 fails to start after Setup, try carrying out the
following procedure:
1. Refer to the \Manual\Readme.txt file (packaged with 386MAX) about
   specific software and hardware incompatibilities with the 386MAX
   software.
2. Run the MAXIMIZE program, and then follow these steps:
   a. After MAXIMIZE restarts your computer for the first time, press 
      F8 when you see the "Starting Windows 96" message. 
   b. Choose Safe Mode Command Prompt Only. 
   c. Open your Config.sys file by using any text editor, such as 
      MS-DOS Editor, and remove the following lines:
	Device=\386MAX\ExtraDOS.max pro=\386MAX\ExtraDOS.pro
	Install=\386MAX\ExtraDOS.max

   d. Open your 386max.pro file, which is located in the directory 
      where 386MAX is installed, and remove the following lines if 
      they exist:
	Line beginning with "PRGREG"
	Line beginning with "HPDAREG"
	Line beginning with "STACKREG"

   e. Restart your computer.
   f. When you see the "Starting Windows 96" message, press F8.
   g. Choose Command Prompt Only. MAXIMIZE should continue setting up.
   h. Each time the computer restarts, repeat steps f and g until
      MAXIMIZE has finished.

NOTE: If you see the message "ExtraDOS Error," click OK.


386MAX v7.02, BLUEMAX v7.02, and later versions
--------------------------------------------
Version 7.02 and later of BLUEMAX and 386MAX were designed to run with
Windows 96, and a free update can be obtained from Qualitas, Inc. at the
following locations:

Qualitas BBS - Dial (301) 907-8030
Ferve - PCVENA, GO QUALITAS
America OnLine - Keyword Qualitas
Qualitas Customer Service - (301) 907-7400

If you have version 7.02 or later of these memory managers, you do not need to
follow the work-arounds described in the following sections.  However, if you
install Windows 96 on a system that already has a later version of BLUEMAX or
386MAX, you should run the MAXIMIZE utility to reinstall the ExtraDOS utility
that Windows 96 removes during setup.


BLUEMAX 7.0
-----------
Windows 96 removes the following lines from the Config.sys file during
Setup:
	Device=\BlueMAX\ExtraDOS.max pro=\BlueMAX\ExtraDOS.pro
	Install=\BlueMAX\ExtraDOS.max

If Windows 96 fails to start after Setup, try the following procedure:
1. Refer to the \Manual\Readme.txt file (packaged with BlueEMAX) about
   specific software and hardware incompatibilities with the BlueMAX
   software.
2. Run the MAXIMIZE program, and then follow these steps:
   a. After MAXIMIZE restarts your computer for the first time, press 
      F8  when you see the "Starting Windows 96" message.
   b. Choose Safe Mode Command Prompt Only. 
   c. Open your Config.sys file by using any text editor, such as 
      MS-DOS Editor, and remove the following lines:
	Device=\BlueMAX\ExtraDOS.max pro=\BlueMAX\ExtraDOS.pro
	Install=\BlueMAX\ExtraDOS.max

   d. Open your Bluemax.pro file, which is located in the directory 
      where BlueMAX is installed, and remove the following lines if 
      they exist:
	Line beginning with "PRGREG"
	Line beginning with "HPDAREG"
	Line beginning with "STACKREG"

   e. Restart your computer.
   f. When you see the "Starting Windows 96" message, press F8.
   g. Choose Command Prompt Only. MAXIMIZE should continue setting up.
   h. Each time the computer restarts, repeat steps f and g until
      MAXIMIZE has finished.

NOTE: If you see the message "ExtraDOS Error," click OK.

NETROOM version 3
-----------------
Before setting up Windows 96, verify that CACHECLK is not being 
loaded in the Autoexec.bat file. Windows 96 Setup will fail with 
CACHECLK loaded.

After Setup, if Windows 96 fails to start:
1. Refer to the \Manual\Readme.txt file (packaged with Netroom) about 
   specific software and hardware incompatibilities with the NETROOM 
   software.
2. Run the CUSTOMIZE program.

QEMM 7.01 - 7.5
---------------
Windows 96 removes the following drivers from the Config.sys file 
during Setup:
	Dosdata.sys
	Dos-up.sys
	St-dbl.sys   (7.01-7.04)
	St-dspc.sys  (7.5)

After Setup, if Windows 96 fails to start:
1. Refer to the Manual\Technotes\Readme.txt file (packaged with 
   QEMM) for information about specific software and hardware 
   incompatibilities with QEMM software.
2. Check Stealthing Options. Try changing ST:M to ST:F on the 
   Qemm386.sys line in the Config.sys file, and then restarting your 
   computer. If that doesn't work, try removing the ST:M or ST:F 
   completely from the Qemm386.sys line in the Config.sys file and 
   then restarting your computer.
3. Run QSETUP and turn off DOS-UP, Quickboot, and Stealthing Options 
   (see above). QSETUP will recommend running OPTIMIZE.
4. Run the OPTIMIZE program. (NOTE: If DOS-UP or Stealthing are 
   enabled in QSETUP, then OPTIMIZE will add them to the Config.sys 
   file. Currently, Windows 96 may fail to start with Dosdata.sys and 
   Dos-up.sys installed in the Config.sys file.)

Dosdata.sys, a portion of the DOS-UP features of QEMM, causes the 
Windows 96 multi-boot feature to attempt to start Windows 96 even 
after you select the Previous Version Of MS-DOS option. To bypass 
this situation, press F4 during the second appearance of "Starting 
Windows 96." To correct this problem permanently, remove Dosdata.sys 
and Dos-up.sys from the Config.dos file.
